So, above issues of the traditional LMSs are considered to be very critical since,
overcoming such problems is very hard for the student when it comes to learning.
Traditional LMSs are more focused on giving the students reading materials and evaluating them
after a given time, only once for a given topic and it is said to be ineffective.
One reason for that is, reading will do good only for those who have a very good memory. What about
those who haven't? The problem based learning comes into reality as a solution for that. In our
platform, we are planning to implement a quiz based environment to give the students a very good learning
experience. With the help of that, the students can learn and be a master in every desired subjects.
And the other reason for that is, the learning speed of the students. The learning speed is deferred
from one student to the other, and because of that evaluating students once for a given topic
is unfair for a relatively weak student. For a successful learning environment, every student
should be given the chance to work on their knowledge and skills to master the topic.

In our point of view, no matter how advanced the content is, the learning should be easily
accessed and reviewed for the good of the students. So, there should be a way in the improved
LMS, to handle that real-time self evaluation for the student. And ofcourse, the learning
method (in this case : Quizzes) should be easily accessed by the student whenever they prefer
even if they are offline.

Additionally, there should be motivation for the student on their way to mastering the
desired course/subject. For that, we're trying to give every student "experience points" based
on their performance, active participation and challenge atitude. Also, there should be a good
community of the users of LMSs consists of teachers and students. When some student facing a
hard time in some particular topic/subject, the community should be the first thing comes to his mind.
As developers of the platform we encourage the users to use the community for a better experience.

- Learn from questions (Quiz approach)
- Real-time evaluation
- Smart accessiiblity
- Student Leaderboard
- Motivational functions
- Community